Amin.
A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a
A C C D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
D D D D D D D D D D D D D D D
Sous-titrage ST' 501
Sous-titres par LaVacheSquid
I'm going to use the same technique as
before. I'm going to use the same
technique as before. I'm going to use the
same technique as before. I'm going to use
the same technique as before. I'm going to
use
the same technique as before.
I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm
going to use the same technique as before.
I'm going to use the same technique as
before, but I'm going to use the same
technique as before. I'm going to use the
same technique as before, but I'm going to
use the same technique as before. I'm
going to use the same technique as before,
but I'm going to use the same technique as
before. I'm going to use the same
technique as before, but I'm going to use
the same technique as before.
I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm
going to use the same technique as before.
I'm going to use the same technique as
before, but I'm going to use the same
technique as before. I'm going to use the
same technique as before, but I'm going to
use the same technique as before. I'm
going to use the same technique as before,
but I'm going to use the same technique as
before. I'm going to use
the same technique as before, but I'm
going to use the same technique as before.
I'm not sure if you can see it, but I'm
I'm going to use the same technique as
before, but I'm going to use the same
technique as before. I'm going to use the
same technique as before, but I'm going to
use the same technique as before. I'm
going to use the same technique as before,
but I'm going to use the same technique as
before. I'm going to use the same
technique as before, but I'm going to use
the same technique as before.
A-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a-a-a-a-a-a
-a
Thank you for
watching! Sous-titrage Société Radio
-Canada